fix(epochs): item count on the first page of `/epochs/{number}/stakes/{poolID}` (#27)
blockfrost/blockfrost-backend-ryo: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased] -

### Fixed

> - wrong item count returned on the first page of `/epochs/{number}/stakes/{poolID}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- wrong item count returned on the first page of `/epochs/{number}/stakes/{pool_id}`
```
